Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[BUZZING]
[SNARLING]
[WHIRRING STOPS]
[GRUNTS]
[GROWLING]
WOLVERINE:
Pretty good detail.
[SCOFFS]
Hard to believe
you lifted a memory
this clear out of my head.
Your newer memories aren't
difficult to access, Logan.
Just the older ones.
Now what was it
you wanted me to see?
Well, like I said,
I got the inhibitor collar back
and trashed their systems.
But right in the thick
of it, I saw this.
PROFESSOR X: Master Mold?
WOLVERINE: yeah.
Whatever it is,
Senator Kelly's involved.
That's gotta be bad.
I would agree.
Hank can't find
anything on it,
so I was hoping
you might know something.
No, I don't.
Sadly, the historical
records here in the future
are reduced to old newspapers
and damaged books.
I suggest you return
to Trask's facility
and find everything you can.
I'll try to learn more here.
Will do. You just watch
yourself out there, Chuck.
[♪♪♪]
Wish you were here, Hank.
You always enjoyed research.
[RUMBLING]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
SENTINEL:
Mutant apprehension
in progress.
[♪♪♪]
[WHIMPERS]
[GROWLING]
[GROWLS]
[PANTING]
SENTINEL:
Mutant apprehension
in progress.
[GRUNTS]
Mutant apprehended.
Alert. Unknown energy
source detected.
Unknown power source
obtained.
Returning to facility
2-3-6.
No.
Cerebro.
There it is--
Trask industries.
So are we posing
for a painting here, Logan,
or do you actually
have a plan?
[SNIFFS]
Somethin' don't smell right.
With you, I would assume
that means literally.
I'm only catching
the scent of two people.
There should be dozens.
We're still going in, right?
Don't make me regret
bringing you, Forge.
You're here for
analysis only, got it?
Yeah, sure, of course.
I got it.
But we're still
going in, right?
[SIGHS]
The future's gotta
be easier than this.
[BIRDS CAWING]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
MOSS:
Mutants...
Face me and prepare
for your inhibitor collars.
No.
[GRUNTS]
[WHIMPERING]
Get away from me!
[SCREAMING]
He's a telekinetic.
Transfer him to the tower.
I said face me, mutant!
[SCREAMING]
PROFESSOR X [THOUGHTS]:
That will be quite enough,
Colonel Moss.
Your inhibitor collar
is now active.
Thank you, Colonel Moss.
You may go about your business.
How'd you do that,
old man?
He didn't activate
your collar.
Hello, Sarah.
He didn't because
I asked him not to...
nicely.
How'd you know my name?
Where'd the Sentinels
get you, the badlands?
Is that where you were hiding?
What are your powers?
He's a telepath. How else
would he know your name?
That's impossible.
There are no more telepaths.
The Sentinels
wiped them all out.
Hello, professor.
My name is Bishop.
Wolverine told me
a lot about you.
[♪♪♪]
What are you saying?
You know Wolverine?
He's the one who gathered us
and taught us to fight.
We're his X-Men.
I must see him.
Where is he?
A few years back he saved us
from a Sentinel attack,
but got captured.
That's the last
we ever saw of him.
We put up a gravestone
at the institute
along with the others.
Wolverine was captured?
Is that hard to believe?
Nearly impossible.
But these are strange days.
I don't understand
the purpose of this place.
Why would the Sentinels
keep mutants alive at all?
They need us.
We just don't know why.
Mutants are taken inside
the tower one by one.
They never come out.
What about
trying to escape?
That, my friend,
is why we're here.
We've got X-Men
waiting on the outside.
At dawn, we're breaking every
single mutant out of here.
Quite the risk, allowing
yourselves to be captured.
I didn't become
an X-Man to play it safe.
And besides,
we have luck on our side.
[THUNDER CRASHES]
[GASPS] Hey.
Hi.
Ta-da!
This is way too easy.
You're right, Logan.
Let's do it the hard way.
After you.
Well, I must say, Logan,
when you told us of your
charming little adventure here
I pictured it
far more populated.
Trask cleaned house.
Frost, scan the guards' minds,
see what--
I already have.
They didn't even know
the building was empty.
My first field op, I--
I didn't even
get to do anything.
Aw, don't worry.
There'll be other missions.
Next time I'm sure
you'll get to, you know,
do whatever it is you do.
Hope you're having better luck
than we are, Chuck.
MARROW:
So let me get this straight.
You've been
in a coma for 20 years,
but now you're awake
and you're using
your brain powers
to contact
the X-Men in the past
to try and stop
this future from happening?
I wouldn't have summed it up
quite like that,
but yes.
[SCOFFS]
You're crazy.
No way you're Charlie X.
PROFESSOR X:
I prefer that my students
address me as professor.
It may indeed
sound ridiculous,
but Sarah is right.
And that's why I must
get inside the tower.
[LAUGHING]
Marrow has you pegged,
old man. You are crazy.
Perhaps,
but the Sentinels
took something from me.
And if I don't get it back,
nothing you do will matter.
It's called Cerebro.
It's a tracking system
I created.
I use it to find
mutants in need,
to help them.
But if the Sentinels could
somehow access it,
there would be no running,
no hiding, no hope.
This is your fault.
Things were bad enough for us
and you bring
a mutant tracker into it?
Why didn't you
just smash that thing?
It's my only link to the past.
Forget the past.
You're here now.
And you've made
everything worse.
Sarah, wait.
Don't worry about her.
You know kids, here and now
is all that matters.
We can win this,
and getting Cerebro back
is the first step.
Domino, Kamal,
proceed as planned.
Get everyone out.
I'm going with the professor.
Thank you.
Don't let this crazy man
get in your head, Bishop.
You're our leader.
And he's Professor X,
the guy Wolverine listens to.
Your funeral.
I don't like this,
mind-controlled or not.
The Sentinels are
in charge here, not humans.
Moss executes his
tasks like a machine,
delivering mutants
to the tower.
He doesn't even know why.
[GRUNTS]
Thank you, Colonel Moss.
Colonel Moss
has found Cerebro.
It's above us--
Level 7.
I-- Wait.
There's something else
here as well.
A mutant. Alive.
[GRUNTING]
[WHIRRING]
The Sentinel--
It just lifted
the cube telekinetically.
They've mechanically reproduced
that mutant child's power.
They're trying to evolve.
Master mold
will stop at nothing.
Master Mold?
What is that?
It's the Sentinel
responsible for all of this--
The detention centers,
hunting us down.
That's why Logan
re-formed the X-Men--
To find Master Mold
and destroy it.
MOSS:
Error. Bio-unit compromised.
Brain wave patterns corrupt.
Switching to Sentinel mode.
Mutant apprehension
in progress.
[♪♪♪]
Get out of here, professor.
I can hold this one off.
[GRUNTS]
Are-- Are you here
to rescue me?
Actually, young man--
Julian, is it?
We could really
use your help.
Observation:
Energy attack ineffective.
Adapting.
[GRUNTING]
Vanisher, I thought
Domino's signal
was supposed to be a flare.
Eh, this works too.
[ALARM BLARING]
Well, that looks bad.
Bad or lucky?
Who wants presents?
I-- I just need a minute.
[GASPS]
That's a minute we
don't have, Mr. Keller.
You can stop them.
I can't.
I don't have anything left.
We have to get
out of here.
Mutants, stand down.
You have three seconds
to comply.
You can do this, Julian.
Don't be afraid.
Focus.
Three,
two, one.
Well done.
Telekinetic shield detected.
Adapting.
Now how about we grab your
machine and get out of here?
[♪♪♪]
PROFESSOR X:
Cerebro.
Julian, in the center there,
the core and the helmet.
I need you to--
[BLASTING]
[SCREAMING]
Get Cerebro.
It's all that matters.
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
So it's on, right?
Yes, Berzerker,
it's definitely on.
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[BUZZING]
Crazy old man.
[GRUNTING]
Now, how are we
getting out of here?
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
Come on,
their reinforcements
will be here
in about three minutes.
PROFESSOR X:
So it's imperative
you do not give up
looking for Trask's facility.
The Master Mold
he's creating
is an artificial intelligence
that manufactures Sentinels.
It is a key component
in the coming war.
[WHISTLES]
You learned all that
from an old newspaper?
Thank you, Sarah.
Sure thing, professor.
I'm glad you got
your machine back.
But with Master Mold
still out there hunting us,
things are sure to get
a whole lot worse.
And that, Bishop,
is what the X-Men are for,
in the past
or in the future:
To prevent things
from getting worse.
Facility 2-3-6
has been destroyed.
An unknown mutant
facilitated the escape
of 14 mutants.
FEMALE VOICE:
Partial match found.
Subject: Mutant.
Designation:
Charles Xavier,
telepath.
Orders: Capture...
Alive.
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org